Position Summary:

The Engineer, Product Integration for Paisly is responsible for designing, developing, testing, deploying, maintaining and improving connecting services and product integrations to support the evolution of travel products. The Engineer, Product Integration manages individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables and contributes to the overall implementation of the technology strategy, enabling Paisly to become a digital disruptor. This role collaborates heavily with internal teams while also working closely with matrix partners in JetBlue’s IT team, JetBlue Tech Ventures and external business partners. The ideal candidate can change priorities and focus to meet business demands, excels when working on complex projects and is motivated to deliver results.





Essential Responsibilities:

Design, develop and manage business partner connectors and product integrations from conception to retirement.
Interpret and implement business logic in efficient algorithms using Java, Python and/or Go.
Write unit tests with strong test coverage, perform load tests and performance tests.
Ensure that the product integration team delivers with consistency, high quality and predictability.
Create and promote a work environment focused on engineering excellence to attract, develop and encourage a culture of technical innovation.
Partner with product management and engineering teams and help develop the product vision and roadmap.
Participate in the DevOps practice as it pertains to product integration engineering.
Help establish frameworks, design and integration patterns as well as guide the software development performed by business partners.
Help manage a collection of external technology products used to deliver business products.
Partner with JetBlue Tech Ventures to identify, monitor, learn, experiment and share information about emerging technology that is relevant to Paisly.
Other complex duties as assigned.


Minimum Experience and Qualifications:

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or a related discipline; OR demonstrated capability to perform job responsibilities with a combination of a High School Diploma/GED and at least four (4) years of previous relevant work experience.
Three (3) years’ experience in technology roles.
Experience in writing software in one (1) or more languages such as Java, Python, and/or Go.
Understanding of software engineering environments and standards.
Understanding of internet technologies, protocols and methodologies for delivering web-based products.
Experience managing Service Level Agreements, interacting daily with people at different levels within the organization, including developing and maintaining ongoing relationships.
Available for overnight travel (10%).
Must pass a ten (10) year background check.
Must be legally eligible to work in the country in which the position is located.
Authorization to work in the US is required. This position is not eligible for visa sponsorship.


Preferred Experience and Qualifications:

Maintaining a public profile and building relationships throughout the organization.
Four (4) years’ experience in technology roles.
Experience architecting, developing software, or internet scale production-grade solutions in virtualized environments such as Amazon Web Services, Azure and Google Cloud Platform.
Understanding of Agile and/or Lean.
